#summary Features to be Implemented
#labels backlog

= Collection Theme =
 * A lot more Extended  Collections (curryed ones, like ruby 1.9, sortBy, partition, and lazy collect, lazy map, max, min etc): ??? points
 * Wrapped extended collections: 9 points
 * Wrapped over Fork Join: 10 points

= Closures Theme =
 * Full Coercion. Includes detecting [http://docs.google.com/View?docid=k73_1ggr36h& SAMs] generated from Abstract Classes instead of Interfaces. [http://mxr.mozilla.org/mozilla/source/js/rhino/src/org/mozilla/javascript/NativeJavaMethod.java This] is how Rhino (javascript scripting in java) handled overloaded methods (important to closure of a string): 10  points
 * Numargs method (now questionable): 5 points
 * !TimeIt: 4  points
 * Compose: 6 points
 * Curry: 1 point

= To think about it (need points and priorization) =
 * [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schwartzian_transform Schwartzian_transform] on sort_by
 * sort_with_keys (python influence). Receiving a closure, of course.
 * Standard coercion to runnable and callable. One liner, with [http://fluentjava.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/apidocs/org/fluentjava/closures/Closure.html#toInteface(java.lang.Class) to interface]
 * Softening exceptions (on Closure)
 * Make it javac friendly (type inference on instance methods is incredible on eclipse compiler). Maybe I should make a wiki page about it?
 * range and xrange from python, on fluency
 * Fluency delegator
 * Static fluency methods. Thinking about an Aspectj Aspect to make things like _my_ callable from static methods without one single argument (for those who won't/can't/don't like/don't feel like it/are grossed out about extending a third party class).
 * Arithmethic operations (smalltalk inspiration, again) on enumerable
 * fluent set operations. possibly both immutable and muttable
 * Partiation and iterablePartition on list
 * Ruby's hash constructor (maybe extended interface on map, as the defaults do not allow this):
{{{
Hash.new => hash
Hash.new(obj) => aHash
Hash.new {|hash, key| block } => aHash
}}}
 * Look into using [http://codeworker.free.fr/ codeworker] or [http://www.janino.net/ janino] to enable _eval_, and make closures out of it.
 * cache to o closure of a string
 * Closure softening exceptions